4 days ago I started code Outreach I
sent so far 170 DMS on Instagram here is
what I've learned here is my results and
here is what you can do to help with
your code Outreach by the way if you
don't already know this is my
documentary series and if you're new
here then welcome I'm just here sharing
everything that I've learned with you
guys so you can simply just learn from
me because hell we're both trying to
make a successful business and that's
what I'm here to hopefully help you with
through what I've done so as I said I
basically sent 170 DMS and it's only
been like 4 days right I have some
results from the 100 DMs I got 7 people
who saw the message the other rest of
the people didn't even like look at it
and they didn't have probably haven't
opened it so whatever and out of those
seven people I think five of them said
yes two of them said no and then I think
the rest of the other people they
ghosted me but one guy
one dude he replied and do you know I'll
tell you the story so he said to me he
was like I have tried your these types
of services before I am not willing to
spend any more money he's straight up
and he was nice about it and I was like
okay I acknowledged him understood where
he was coming from and I just thought oh
I'm going to help this guy I'm going to
see where he's at and how I can possibly
help him and so I said to him oh well
that's weird why that didn't work for
you out of Interest what are you
currently doing for marketing and he
replied back I said something else and
he replied back I think it was like back
and forth like 10 times and it was
building up like a lot of value i' had
shown interest I I acknowledged where he
is and i' kind of like identifying where
he is and what's going wrong and so he
feels like oh okay okay well that's nice
and then it came to a little bit and I
didn't want to L out the conversation
too much because you know you could end
up losing them if you talk to them too
long so after some time I said you know
what I just got to shoot this shot if I
don't shoot the shot I can either lose
him or I can win him I said if you're
open to having a call sometime uh how we
can about um the problem and how we can
fix it and then do you know what he said
he didn't say no he said 9:00 a.m. is
when I'm free I can be flexible he came
back he said hell yeah and we booked the
call now unfortunately I didn't close
him but I got a call from Outreach and
that is the goal of Outreach for many of
you watching this here's basically what
I learned from that whole thing and I'm
ass sure you want something like that
and I've only sent 170 DMS what I'm
about to say is going to go against what
all the gurus tell you to do let me
explain you really need to know who it
is you're going for now bear in mind
I've obviously only done like 170 DMS
but I'm learning pretty fast and I'm I
understand my market because I do paid
ads right
and one thing I've learned is you really
need to understand who it is you're
talking to like for example is your
Market no BS don't want to waste time
they're pretty skeptical they just want
to get to the point how can you help me
that basically is what happened and I
booked that call and I didn't
personalize the first initial
message and a lot of the gurus tell you
to do that I'm not saying
personalization doesn't work I'm just
saying this is what's worked for me and
I didn't personalize that message at all
I I didn't even send him a paragraph I
didn't even ask him would you be
interested I asked him a simple question
that well pretty much anyone can answer
like hi name just a quick one then I
simply just ask asked a question about
how their work is going right now which
is not like like oh are you doing
beautiful jobs now no no it's like are
you getting work are you getting enough
or are you not getting enough basically
that was kind of the question and they
replied and it's that Outreach message
has even worked my emails the lesson I
learned from that is ask them a simple
question and then get them to say yes I
it depends on who it is but if you're
doing like Home Improvements for example
where it's like plumbers landscapers
some construction or whatever they're
very no BS people like they just don't
they want to get to the point like they
don't care about who you are they care
about them way more than anyone else if
you can show them like you're not here
to waste your time you're just asking
them a simple question I get a lot of
these personalized DMS right in like
outreaching to me about video editing as
I see that little bit at the bottom I
don't even bother reading the rest
because it's just too much paragraph and
I don't have the time to be reading
these long paragraphs of DMS and neither
do these business owners that we're
outreaching to they honestly just want
to get to the point if you can just hit
them up with like a simple oneliner
question and then just to see if you get
a reply and send that to all of them
then that might work it's worked for me
and it could work for you so go ahead
and you can do volume with that cuzz you
could just send it to like 40 people
rather than like 10 people a day but
again with Cod out reach you need to
have consistent volume you need to do
loads because cold Outreach is a numbers
game and the more you do the you know
the more you probably get and then you
know you just have to do quite a lot of
people but yeah if you found that
insightful then you know just comment
below if you find that helpful remember
if you're new here welcome to the
journey happy to have you um as a
subscriber so that would awesome but
yeah I'll see you in my next video